hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2005 film Star Wars Episode
three Revenge of the Sith so let's get
started
the summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous films if you
want to see a summary for the previous
films please click on the links below
the film opens with the galactic
Republic and the separatists still at
war with obi-wan and Anakin fighting a
space battle above the planet of
Khorasan in a mission to rescue the
kidnapped Supreme Chancellor Palpatine
Palpatine is being held by the
separatists commander General Grievous
the Jedi battle the Sith Count Dooku and
the fight ends with Anakin killing Dooku
upon Palpatine's command General
Grievous flees the nearly destroyed ship
which the Jedi crash-land on Khorasan
Anakin is then reunited with his wife
Padme who reveals she is pregnant
Anakin begins to have premonitions about
her dying in childbirth which begins to
consume him Palpatine appoints Anakin to
be on the Jedi Council which is not a
normal thing to do because Palpatine
once Anakin to represent him on the
council the council is not happy about
this and the council urges Anakin to
monitor Palpatine as they feel something
is not right about him Anakin starts to
become unsure about the Jedi's faith and
as further pushed as Palpatine tells
Anakin about the powers of the dark side
even in preventing death eventually
Palpatine reveals himself as the Sith
Lord Darth Sidious showing that he has
been orchestrating the events of the
past films and actually directing both
sides of the war being Supreme
Chancellor Palpatine the head of the
Galactic Republic on one side as well as
Darth Sidious the secret head of the
separatists on the other side
Anakin reports us to the Jedi Council
and Mace Windu when the most powerful
Jedi begins to battle Palpatine
Palpatine's Force Lightning is backfired
upon himself and he becomes horribly
disfigured and is just about to be
defeated by mace Windu Palpatine though
convinces Anakin that he knows a secret
way to save Padme
from dying in childbirth and anakin
kills mace Windu Anakin pledges himself
to Palpatine and Palpatine dubs Anakin
now as Darth Vader Palpatine issues
order 66 to the clone troopers a secret
order to kill all the Jedi and sends
Anakin now Darth Vader to the Jedi
Temple to kill all of the Jedi there
including very young children Jedi's
obi-wan and Yoda survived the attack
however but all other Jedi's are killed
Vader is sent now to kill the remaining
leaders of the separatists Union on the
volcanic planet of mustafar while
Palpatine announces to the Senate that
the government will now be reformed into
the Galactic Empire declaring himself
Emperor Yoda and obi-wan discover what
Anakin did at the Jedi Temple and are
horrified and tell Padme what Anakin did
Padme leaves for Mustafar to confront
Anakin and obi-wan hides aboard the
craft Padme arrives to me Anakin and
obi-wan reveals himself
Anakin believes that Padme has betrayed
him so he begins to force choke her
obi-wan and Anakin fight and Anakin is
severely maimed and defeated Anakin
becomes significantly burned by a
volcanic River and obi-wan leaves with
padmé padmé gives birth to two twins
Luke and Leia and dies shortly after
obi-wan and Yoda decided to hide the
twins from the Empire separating them
senator Bail Organa adopts Leia and
takes her to the planet of Alderaan they
send Luke to live with his step uncle
Owen Lars back on the planet of Tatooine
that we saw in the second film where
obi-wan will watch over Luke Palpatine
recovers Anakin and his body's repaired
with a cybernetic suit
Palpatine informs Vader of Padme death
which he is devastated by as the film
concludes we see the Empire is
overseeing the construction of the super
weapon discussed in the second film the
Death Star so that was the spoilers for
Star Wars Episode three Revenge of the
Sith we will be spoiling all the Star
Wars films before the theater release of
episode 7 so please look out for those
if you have another film that you like
to see me spoil please let me know in
the comments below check out movie
spoiler alerts on our very
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching